(GH-35) Add Locations (#50)
FlagrantGarden/site: content/games/factions/locations.md

| 3. Shrooms       | Make a free activation to ingest, gaining the Reckless, Unfeeling, Unerring, and Vicious traits. Must Test Resolve every turn. On failure, become Reckless even against allies. +1 excitement when ingested, +2 if they turn on their allies. |
| 4. Sandscroll    | Activate to Cast to use the scroll. For the remainder of the skirmish, the Group has MO 12" and ignores all terrain except the edge of the arena. +1 Excitement.                                                                  |
| 5. Glacial Surge | Test Resolve to activate the crystal. On failure, the Group Routs as they freeze solid (+3 Excitement). On success, the Group gains the Unfeeling and Terrifying traits, +1 T, and halves their MO distance (+1 Excitement).      |
| 6. Bloody Roar   | Make a free activation to eat the bloody hearts. The Group is replaced with a Heavy Beast at full FS with the Terrifying, Unerring, and Vicious traits (+3 Excitement). If Bloodied, the Beast Self-Destructs the following turn (+3 Excitement).      |

> After a Gimmick is inspected, cross its entry off the list. If a crossed-out result is rolled for a later Gimmick, choose
> the result immediately lower instead, if possible. If that entry is also crossed out, use the next highest available entry instead.

Author: ```suggestion
After a Gimmick is inspected, cross its entry off the list. If a crossed-out result is rolled for a later Gimmick, choose
the result immediately lower instead, if possible. If that entry is also crossed out, use the next highest available entry instead.

Any Group adjacent to a Gimmick may use a Move activation to pick up the Gimmick. A group carrying a Gimmick may freely drop it at any time. A Group must be carrying a Gimmick or adjacent to it to use it.
```

the Leviathan activates next. After each of the Leviathan’s turns, roll 1d6 again. It activates again after that
many turns unless attacked, as above.

The Leviathan moves lazily across the sky, indifferent to the puny airships in its way. When the Leviathan would activate normally (not as the result of an attack), roll 2d6. If
the result is even, the Leviathan moves to its left. If odd, to its right. If the result is less
than or equal to seven, it moves backward; if more, forward.

The Leviathan cannot Attack but it will defend itself against attackers. On its next activation after
being Attacked, it sings the Skysunder Song.

If the Leviathan is killed, roll 1d6. It takes no more activations, and plummets out of the sky after that many turns,
automatically Routing any Group still aboard.

If any side has uncontested control of the Leviathan at the end of play (no enemies aboard), they gain 3 VP. If any side kills
the Leviathan, they gain 2VP.

|     ME     |  MI   |  MO   |  FS   |   R   |                       Traits                        |
| :--------: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :-------------------------------------------------: |

> | - / - / 3+ |   -   |  6"   |  12   |   4   | Annihilator, Self-Destruct, Skysunder Song, Vicious |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| - / - / 3+ |   -   |  6"   |  12   |   4   | Annihilator, Mournful Ignition, Skysunder Song, Vicious |
```

---
title: "Locations"
description: "Sample locations for Flagrant Factions"
weight: 15
---

Each location describes a different place a skirmish may take place on. All locations modify the
setup for a skirmish and include special rules that govern them.

## 0. Quantum Field

> A normal place - it could be anywhere, anytime, but it is here and now.

### Setup

As usual. This location has no special rules, even if it seems out of place.

## 1. The Arena

> Bloodthirsty crowds look on in delight, excited to vote and change the game according to their
> whims.

### Setup

Before placing terrain, each side rolls 1d6; the higher total is the number of Gimmick tokens to be
placed on the field, alternating placement between each side. The lower total is the crowd's
starting Excitement.

### Battle in the Bowl

Groups may not Retreat off of the field; treat the edge as Impassable terrain.

> Any Group adjacent to a Gimmick token may freely inspect it. Until a Gimmick token is inspected, its

Author: Oh, we definitely need a way to _pick them up_, but the intent was to allow inspection without picking them up. Basically leave the gimmicks as unknowns until a Group moves next to one. I'll hold off on committing this paragraph's changes til we've noodled it out.

I suppose a Move activation to pick up a Gimmick makes sense here and is consistent with other sections. 🤔

usage is unknown. When it is inspected, roll a d6 to see what it is:

| Result            | Effect                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| :---------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 1 - Grenade       | Shoot activation to throw at enemy group within 8". Roll 12d6, hitting on 6. Count all hits twice. +2 Excitement.                                                                                                                  |

Author: Looking at this again, it's unclear if a group without an MI profile can use the grenade since they don't have a Shoot activation.

> | 1 - Grenade       | Shoot activation to throw at enemy group within 8". Roll 12d6, hitting on 6. Count all hits twice. +2 Excitement.                                                                                                                  |

Author: Adjusted accordingly and incorporated (though made it a 4+ since it doesn't require any accuracy and only hits on 6s).

After a Gimmick is discovered, cross it off the list. If a crossed out result is selected, choose
the next lowest result instead, if possible; otherwise, the next highest.

### The Crowd

The Crowd may grow bored with the game. After each turn, roll a d6; if the result is greater than
the amount of Fighting Strength lost by both sides that turn, -1 from the Crowd's Excitement. If the
Crowd's Excitement reaches 0, roll 2d6 as they vote to shake things up:

| Result          | Effect                                                                                                                                                             |
| :-------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 2 - Chant       | +3 Excitement.                                                                                                                                                     |

> | 3 - Stone       | +2 Excitement. All Groups within 12" of the table edge are at risk; roll 6d6 for each Group, hitting on 6.                                                         |

Author: oops! At risk of being hit/effected. The crowd is pelting everyone they can reach with stones.

| 4 - Favor       | +2 Excitement. The Group that has hurt enemies the most regains up to 2FS and may activate without testing next turn.                                              |
| 5 - Duel        | +4 Excitement. The most recent Groups to fight in melee must fight until one side is Routed; all other activations and effects are on hold until then.             |
| 6 - Inebriate   | +2 Excitement. Any Group that moves adjacent to the edge of the field may activate freely to drink divine wine, gaining +1T and the Reckless and Unfeeling traits. |
| 7 - Blessing    | +1 Excitement. The Group that has hurt enemies the most returns to their starting FS and rolls +3 dice to hit.                                                     |

> | 8 - Unleash     | +3 Excitement. Add 3 Light Beast Groups to the arena; they always Attack the nearest Group if possible or Move towards it if not.                                  |

Author: Yeah, that's the simplest way to do it I think.

| 9 - Second Wind | +1 Excitement. All Groups in the Arena return to half their starting FS if Bloodied or full if not.                                                                |

> | 10 - Wallscythe | +2 Excitement. All Groups within 6" of the table edge are at risk; roll 12d6 for each Group, hitting on 4+.                                                        |

Author: Yeah, these events are different from the Gimmicks, which are distributed within the arena; in this case, blades whirl out of the walls to attack everything near the edge of the arena.

| 11 - Earthquake | +3 Excitement. All Groups are at risk; roll 12d6 for each Group, hitting on 5+.                                                                                    |
| 12 - Flood      | +2 Excitement. The entire Arena becomed Difficult terrain.                                                                                                         |
| 13 - Curse      | +1 Excitement. The Group that has hurt enemies the least is targeted, and loses 1T; roll 12d6 against the Group immediately, hitting on 3+.                        |
| 14 - Executor   | +2 Excitement. Add an Elite Foot Group to the arena; they always Attack the nearest Group if possible or Move towards it if not.                                   |

> | 15 - Inferno    | +5 Excitement. For the remainder of the skirmish, on any turn the Crowd would be bored, all Groups are at risk; roll 6d6 for each Group, hitting on 3+.            |

Reviewer: Added a little bit of descriptive text. Change as you'd like.

  |   2    | The vines lash suddenly, whipping the Group (as if Shooting).                 |
  |   3    | Fallen fruit near the Group bursts open, soaking the ground with blood.       |
  |   4    | The vines undulate aimlessly, sweeping the air.                               |
  |   5    | The vines part and rise, withdrawing high above without a sound.              |
  |   6    | The hollow of the tree shakes and figs fall to earth, ripe and ready.         |

Eldritch Fruit
: If the tree drops ripened fruit, a Group may test Resolve to spend an activation eating it.
  The effect is determined by the Group's profile. The first listed effect they meet the
  requirements for is applied immediately.

  | Requirements                    | Effect                                                                                               |
  | :------------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | Apprentice, Caster, or Summoner | May reroll activations to cast or summon. If they fail the reroll, -1 FS                             |

>   | Unfeeling and Bloodied          | Regain 1d6 FS. Must test Resolve when dealing with Hungry Figs for the rest of the skirmish.         |

Author: This line shows no change - wonder if it got dropped?

>   | Unfeeling and Bloodied          | Regain 1d6 FS. Must test Resolve when dealing with Hungry Figs for the rest of the skirmish.         |

Reviewer: weird. looks okay to me. i might have made a change and then taken it back, but left the comment.

Wandering Spider cannot Attack a Group on its turn, it instead moves towards the nearest Hungry Fig.
If a Wandering Spider is beside a Hungry Fig at the start of its turn, it clambers inside and
disappears from the skirmish.

|      ME      |  MI   |  MO   |  FS   |   R   |   T   |                  Traits                  |
| :----------: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :--------------------------------------: |
| 3+ / 4+ / 5+ |   -   |  10"  |   6   |   4   |   3   | Move Freely, Reckless, Stealthy, Vicious |

Move Freely
: Wandering Spiders ignore all Groups and terrain while Moving.

Reckless
: If a Wandering Spider is not Shaken, it must activate to Attack, if possible.

Stealthy
: Groups cannot Shoot Wandering Spiders. Wandering Spiders do not block line of sight, except for
  Groups in melee with them.

Vicious
: When Wandering Spiders roll to hit, each 6 inflicts two hits instead.

## 3. The Golden Shore

> Soft sands dotted with fresh mounds, the tide rising. A brisk breeze carries _their_ sails ever
> closer, their slaughter-song swelling above waves. The Seafolk are coming.

### Setup

> One third of the table is the sea. Treat the first 6" from the shore as difficult terrain, the rest

Reviewer: oh i see! okay thats easy enough

|   1    | A Great Crab emerges with a swarm of Little Crabs. Remove the token. They immediately test for Reckless, interrupting the player's turn.                         |
|   2    | A Great Crab emerges, claws waving in the air as it Dances. Remove the token.                                                                                    |
|   3    | A swarm of Little Crabs emerges, the mound collapsing as they spill forth. Remove the token. They immediately test for Reckless, interrupting the player's turn. |
|   4    | A single Little Crab emerges from the mound and skitters into the sea. -1 to future results when passing this mound.                                             |
|   5    | The mound shakes, sending loose grains of sand tumbling.                                                                                                         |
|   6    | The mound collapses. Remove the token.                                                                                                                           |

> 

Author: ```suggestion

#### The Crabs

```

the remainder of the skirmish. Their objective is to kill everyone on the beach.

When activating, the each Reaping Tide must activate the Group nearest an enemy first, then the next
closest Group, and so on. Groups capable of Attacking or Shooting must do so, preferring whichever
activation order has a better hit chance. Groups not within range of an enemy must Move towards the
nearest enemy Group.

| Name         |      ME      |      MI       |    MO    |  FS   |   R   |   T   | Traits              |
| :----------- | :----------: | :-----------: | :------: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :------------------ |
| Bronzeclad   | 5+ / 3+ / 4+ |       -       | 5+ / 6”  |  12   |  3+   |   4   | Well-Armed          |
| Slingers     | 6+ / 5+ / 4+ | 6+ / 5+ / 18” | 5+ / 8”  |  12   |  4+   |   2   | Defensive           |
| Flamebearers |  - / - / 6   | 6+ / 5+ / 9”  | 8+ / 4”  |   6   |  5+   |   1   | -                   |
| Khopeshi     | 6+ / 5+ / 4+ |       -       | 5+ / 8”  |  12   |  4+   |   2   | Defensive, Stealthy |
| Wyrmkith     | 5+ / 4+ / 6  |       -       | 6+ / 12” |   6   |  4+   |   3   | Nimble, Reckless    |

Defensive

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

: If Slingers or Khopeshi are not Shaken, in difficult terrain, or in cover, they may Move into a
  defensive formation with all models in base contact. They have +1 T until the start of their
  next activation.

Nimble
: Wyrmkith treat difficult terrain as normal terrain.

Reckless
: If a Wyrmkith is not Shaken, it must activate to Attack if possible.

Stealthy (3)
: Enemies cannot Shoot Khopeshi. Khopeshi do not block line of sight except for Groups in melee.

Well-Armed (1)
: Once each turn, Bronzeclad may reroll all results of 1 on a single to-hit roll.

## 4. Minotaur's Maze

> Seemless stone tunnels, winding and meandering; sharp turns and dead ends, plazas plated in bronze
> that shimmers in firelight.

> ### Setup

Author: Added a draft procedure.

When placing terrain, place at least six plazas - 6" squares of open space.

After both sides have deployed their companies but before the first turn, both sides roll 2d6. The
Minotaur must be placed within that many inches of the center of the maze by the side that rolled
higher.

### Light

Any Group may activate freely to strike or douse a Light; once a Light is struck, the Group is
considered to be carrying Light until they douse it.

Groups not carrying Light move at half speed and cannot see more than 6" through the dark. When

> Shooting at a Group not carrying Light, reroll hits.

Author: Your interpretation here is the intended one.

  Attack them, they may test at 7+ to meet the enemy halfway and count both sides as attacking for
  to-hit rolls.

Lightbane
: The Minotaur ignores the Terrifying trait for enemies carrying Light and may reroll to hit them.

Reckless
: If the Minotaur is not Shaken, it must activate to Attack if possible.

Terrifying
: When Attacked by the Minotaur, Groups must reroll their highest die when Testing Resolve.

Vicious
: When the Minotaur rolls to hit, each 6 inflicts two hits instead.

## 5. Skyboard

> Airships and gliders fill the air, the Leviathan sings softly, clouds battered aside by its great
> tail.

### Setup

Before placing terrain, both sides roll 2d6. Each side places that many airships (6" long and 3"
wide) anywhere in they may deploy their Groups. After the airships are placed, the side with fewer
airships (or the Defender, if both sides have the same number of airships) places the Leviathan (12"
long and 6" wide) anywhere within 12" of the center of the field.

Both sides deploy their Groups as normal, except that they must be deployed onto an airship or the
back of the Leviathan. No Group may be deployed onto an airship already holding an enemy Group.

> 

Author: Added a draft paragraph.

than or equal to seven, it moves backward; if more, forward.

The Leviathan cannot Attack but it will defend against any attackers. On its next activation after
being Attacked, it will sing the Skysunder Song.

If the Leviathan is reduced to less than 3R, it self destructs on its next activation unless reduced
to 0R first.

If the Leviathan is killed, roll a d6; it plummets out of the sky after that many turns,
automatically Routing any Group still aboard.

If any side has sole control of the Leviathan at the end of play they gain 3VP. If any side kills
the Leviathan they gain 2VP.

|     ME     |  MI   |  MO   |  FS   |   R   |                       Traits                        |
| :--------: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :-------------------------------------------------: |
| - / - / 3+ |   -   |  6"   |  12   |   4   | Annihilator, Self-Destruct, Skysunder Song, Vicious |

Annihilator
: Whenever the Leviathan moves into any model from a Group, roll to-hit as if the Leviathan is
  defending from an Attack. Any airship the Leviathan moves into is destroyed and any Groups the
  airship was carrying are now on the Leviathan.

> Self-Destruct

Author: ```suggestion
Dirge of Heaven
```

```suggestion
Mournful Ignition
```

> Self-Destruct

Reviewer: I'm assuming the old double-suggest means I can choose? This is a cool thing to be able to do, actually.

> Self-Destruct

Author: Yup! I saw you picked Mournful Ignition in the table, so that's what I went with for committing the change.

: If the Leviathan is reduced to less than 3R but survives to take another turn, roll 12d6 against every Group within 6”, hitting on 3+. The Leviathan is killed and any Group still aboard it is Routed.

Skysunder Song
: The Leviathan croons to the eldritch winds; Shoot every Group except the Leviathan, hitting on 6.

Vicious
: When the Leviathan rolls to hit, each 6 inflicts two hits instead.

## 6. Slope of the Smoking Mountain

### Setup

> When placing terrain, each side rolls 2d6. The lower result is the number of Fissure tokens to

Author: Thanks for this, I'll keep it in mind when I do a cleanup after this round of revisions and for future drafts and updates. I definitely see how much less ambiguous these types of edits read.

place. The higher result is the number of turns until the Pyroclasm.

The side that rolled higher places the first Fissure token (3" across). The sides then
alternate placing the remaining Fissure tokens. Fissures are impassable terrain and
everything within 6" of them is difficult terrain. After the Fissure tokens have been placed,
place an equal number of Soothing Stone tokens (1" across) by the same process.

### Fissures

After both sides have taken their turn, roll 1d6 for each Fissure.

| Result | Effect                                                                                   |
| :----: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> |   1    | Spawn a Magmatic Hound by the well.                                                      |

Reviewer: what well? are we missing something about setting up a well in the setup section?

rest continue to activate. If a Magmatic Hound cannot Attack a Group, it must move towards one if
they are within 12". Otherwise, it Howls.

|     ME      |  MI   |    MO    |  FS   |   R   |   T   | Traits                          |
| :---------: | :---: | :------: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :------------------------------ |
| 5+ / 3+ / 6 |   -   | 6+ / 10" |   6   |  3+   |   4   | Defiant, Howl, Nimble, Reckless |

Defiant
: If a Magmatic Hound is not Shaken and not already in melee, when anyone successfully activates to
  Attack them, they may test at 7+ to meet the enemy halfway and count both sides as attacking for
  to-hit rolls.

Howl
: Activate on a 5+. If the result is less than 10, the Magmatic Hound summons another Magmatic
  Hound which does not activate this turn. Otherwise, advance the clock towards Pyroclasm by 1.

Nimble
: Magmatic Hounds treat difficult terrain as normal terrain instead.

Reckless
: If a Magmatic Hound is not Shaken, it must activate to Attack if possible.

### Pyroclasm

After the clock toward Pyroclasm is full, it arrives in a fury of tephra. Any Group not carrying a

> Soothing Stone is immediately Routed and the skirmish ends. If the clock toward Pyroclasm is reduced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Soothing Stone immediately Routs, and the skirmish ends. If the clock toward Pyroclasm is reduced
```

> to less than zero, the Pyroclasm is averted.

Reviewer: wait okay. so i can't quite work out how the pyroclasm clock works just from what's in the setup. they roll the 2d6 etc, the higher result is how many rounds until pyroclasm. that's a countdown. so i'd like to structure it such that you tick the number _down_ instead of up, as the pyroclasm approaches. 

SO we just need to define an upper bound where the volcano goes dormant (instead of 0, as here). if that makes sense.

Reviewer: Also, if the pyroclasm is averted, do we end the skirmish? Or continue to play last-man-standing style? best to specify

Author: Good shout, I was struggling with this myself when drafting. Rereading the draft, the procedure _as written_ is:

1. Each side rolls 1d6.
2. Higher result is the turns to Pyroclasm, lower result is the number of Fissures and Soothing Stones to place.
3. After ?? turns (not clear: turns _per player_ or turns by both players - I didn't explicitly state when the clock advances), the Pyroclasm arrives.
4. Players can order any of their Groups carrying a Soothing Stone who are adjacent to a Fissure to throw it in, reducing the Pyroclasm clock by 1.
5. If the Pyroclasm clock is reduced to _less_ than zero, the Pyroclasm is averted.

As you noted, one problem with this is counting up instead of down. The text should also explicitly state when the clock advances.

Thinking about the rewrite, there may be scenarios with no possibility of averting the pyroclasm (if the lower roll is a 1, it's functionally impossible, I think).

Instead, maybe:

1. Each side rolls 1d6. The total is the number of turns until the Pyroclasm. The lower result is the number of Fissures, the higher is the number of Soothing Stones.
2. The Pyroclasm clock ticks down after both sides have taken a turn.
3. Throwing a Soothing Stone into a Fissure adds 1d6 ticks to the Pyroclasm clock.
4. If the Pyroclasm clock ever exceeds 15, it is averted and play continues depending on the Scenario's guidelines.

That should mean there are more stones but fewer fissures and every thrown stone gives a _pretty good_ chance at helping to avert the Pyroclasm without making it a done-deal.

Reviewer: That revised procedure seems good to me. I haven't run the math, but is 1d3 better than 1d6 for Soothing Stone effect? I suspect 1d6 is better, because then the whole skirmish kind of revolves around doing it / preventing it, depending on which side you are. Very uhhh soccer.

Author: I've been trying to avoid having any dice other than a d6 if I can help it. I'll incorporate this procedure for now, I really want to play some of these locations in the near future.

Defensive
: If Slingers or Khopeshi are not Shaken, in difficult terrain, or in cover, they may Move into a
  defensive formation with all models in base contact. If they do, +1 T until the start of their
  next activation.

Nimble
: This Group treats difficult terrain as normal terrain instead.

Reckless
: If this Group is not Shaken, it must activate to Attack, if possible.

Stealthy (3)
: Enemies cannot Shoot this Group. This Group does not block line of sight, except for Groups in
  melee with them.

Well-Armed (1)
: Once each turn, this Group may reroll all 1s when rolling to hit.

## 4. Minotaur's Maze

> _Seemless stone tunnels, winding and meandering. Sharp turns and dead ends, plazas plated in_
> _bronze, shimmering in firelight._

### Setup

When placing terrain, build a maze using this procedure:

1. Note that the entire field is impassable terrain unless otherwise noted.
2. Both sides roll 1d6. The combined total is the number of plazas that must be placed. A plaza is a
   6" square of open space. Each side places one plaza at a time, starting with the side that rolled
   higher.

> 3. Every player rolls 1d6. From highest roll to lowest, each player chooses one point on the field
>    edge to mark as an exit. No exit may be placed within 12" of another. The field edge within 2" of
>    an exit is normal terrain.

Author: I wonder if it should be this instead (the intent was for exits to be narrower than plazas, 4" total of normal terrain on the edge of the field).

```suggestion
3. Each side rolls 1d6. From highest roll to lowest, players take turns placing an exit (4" wide) on
   the edge of the field. No exit may be placed within 12" of another. Exits are normal terrain.
```

>    an exit is normal terrain.

Reviewer: oh for sure, i just made up a number to have a specific number there. 4" is good for me

> 4. Both sides roll 3d6. The combined total is the number of corridors that must be placed. A
>    corridor is a 2" wide rectangle of normal terrain up to 12" long. Each side places one corridor
>    at a time, starting with the side that rolled higher. Every corridor must connect to an exit, a
>    plaza, or another corridor. By the end of placement, every plaza and exit must connected by
>    corridors. Corridors may create loops and dead ends, but all plazas and exits must be reachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Each side rolls 3d6. The combined total is the number of corridors (a rectangle of normal terrain, 2" wide and up to 12" long) that must be placed. Players take turns placing one corridor
   at a time, starting with the side that rolled highest. Every corridor must connect to an exit, a
   plaza, or another corridor. By the end of this placement step, every plaza and exit must connected by
   corridors. Corridors may create loops and dead ends, but all plazas and exits must be reachable from all other plazas and exits.
```

> After both sides have deployed their companies, both sides roll 2d6. The side that rolled higher
> must place the Minotaur within that many inches of the center of the maze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all sides have deployed their companies, each side rolls 2d6. The side that rolls higher
must place the Minotaur within that many inches of the center of the maze.
```

| 3+ / 3+ / 4+ |   -   |  10"  |   6   |   3   |   5   | Defiant, Lightbane, Reckless, Terrifying, Vicious |

Defiant
: If this Group is not Shaken and not already in melee, when an enemy successfully activates to
  Attack them, they may test at 7+ to meet the enemy halfway. Count both Groups as attacking for
  to-hit rolls.

Lightbane
: This Group ignores the Terrifying trait for enemies carrying Light, and may reroll to hit them.

Reckless
: If this Group is not Shaken, it must activate to Attack, if possible.

Terrifying
: While being Attacked by this Group, enemies must reroll their highest die when testing Resolve.

Vicious
: When this Group rolls to hit, each 6 inflicts two hits instead.

## 5. Skyboard

> _Airships and gliders fill the air. The Leviathan sings softly, clouds batted aside by its great_
> _tail._

### Setup

Before placing terrain, both sides roll 2d6. Each side places that many airships (6" long and 3"
wide) anywhere where they may deploy their Groups. After placing airships, the side with fewer
airships (or the Defender, if tied) places the Leviathan (12" long and 6" wide) anywhere within 12"
of the center of the field.

> Note that the entire field is impassable terrain as this skirmish occurs in the sky. Groups may
> cross the open air with the Glide activation. For more information, see
> [Sky Fighting](#sky-fighting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire field is impassable terrain—this skirmish takes place in the sky. Groups may
cross the open air with the Glide activation (see
[Sky Fighting](#sky-fighting)).
```

Reviewer: i think ive styled this right, but do check it: i want "(see Sky Fighting)." at the end of the sentence, with the hyperlink and all intact.

Author: That's correct!

end their Glide on another airship or the Leviathan remains in the air—they must activate to Glide
again on their next turn. If they fail that activation, they plummet to the ground below and Rout.

A side with uncontested control of an airship (with no enemies present) may activate a Group on that
airship on 5+ to maneuver the airship 6" in any direction.

### The Leviathan

> _The skywhale is a magnificent creature: a floating fortress, a supply of precious oil, and a_
> _catastrophic war weapon, if it wants to be._

At the start of the first turn of the skirmish, roll 1d6. The Leviathan will act after that many
turns unless attacked. If attacked, the Leviathan activates next. After each of the Leviathan’s
turns, roll 1d6 again. It activates again after that many turns unless attacked, as above.

The Leviathan moves lazily across the sky, indifferent to the puny airships in its way. When the
Leviathan would activate normally (not as the result of an attack), the player who took the last
turn rolls 2d6. If the result is even, the Leviathan moves to its left. If odd, to its right. If the

> result is less than or equal to seven, it moves backward; if more, forward. When it moves, it is
> always in a straight line at its full MO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
result is less than or equal to seven, it moves backward; if more, forward. When it moves, it
always moves in a straight line at its full MO.
```
